Fixed one broken link issue #9957 (#9958)
meshery/meshery: docs/pages/guides/configuration-management/configuration-management.md

## Creating a Meshery Design

You have your choice of how are you would like to create an infrastructure design. You can use the design configurator inside of measure, UI or extensions, like MeshMap, or you can hand code your design, using the mesh model spec, if you like.

> Use Meshery UI or mesheryctl to manage [designs](/docs/pages/tasks/patterns.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Meshery UI or mesheryctl to manage [designs]({{ site.baseurl }}/tasks/patterns).
```

@neerajmanivarnan, please accept and use this change.

1. Don't include filename extension.
1. Don't include `/docs/pages`.
1. Do use `{{ site.baseurl }}`.

Author: The suggested changes have been made.Can you please review it again?

Reviewer: My goodness. I missed this comment previously. Yes, we're all set here. Thanks, @neerajmanivarnan 👍
